[NARRATOR] Last we left,
an epic battle commenced
between Elfrieden,
led by Souma Kazuya
from modern day Japan,
against Amidonia.
Fortunately, the conflict
came to a quick end,
bringing with it
a time of peace.
However, this solace would
prove to be only temporary.
The reason?
The army of the Gran Chaos
Empire intervened,
history's greatest power.
Their forces made their
way swiftly towards Van.
The evening is quiet, isn't it?
Yes, it certainly is, dear.
With Liscia and our
future son-in-law away,
it's as if the spark's
gone out around here.
But then again, this was
typically how the kingdom felt
when it was under my command.
Yes, they're away, but our
ministers, Royal Guard,
and even the maids are still
working with such intensity
these days.
Mmm.
But there's no denying
that out of all of them,
the acting king is pulling
more than his weight.
I had no idea what was necessary
to be an effective monarch
for one's country.
I continue to believe
abdicating the throne
so he could rule was
the wisest decision.
Yes.
I wonder, though, if this is
what it will take to finally
change things.
You must have faith.
It's unlike the other time.
She had been here
from the very beginning.
[ALBERT]
Hmm.
As long as they work as a pair,
I have no doubt the outcome
will be far different, my love.
Besides, it's not as if they're
on their own, you know.
The advisors he brought
on are making things
much livelier.
Ho, ho, ho. Right you are.
And to think, we even have
ourselves another daughter now.
Yes! A most adorable one named
Tomoe with wolf ears,
purple hair and
a soft, fluffy tail.
[SOUMA grunts]
I don't know my own strength!
Please forgive me!
He's all right!
You were just lucky
that was only clay
and not a stone or a
dagger to the forehead.
No way around it.
I'm just no match for you.
[AISHA]
I wouldn't go that far.
Aisha. You're assessing
his combat potential.
Tell him how bad he is.
The plan for an adventurer
party was a bust, too?
[AISHA] To have a full party,
you'd need a mage.
If your shield had
reinforcement magic cast on it,
it would have been
harder to get through it.
Maybe so, but harder
doesn't mean impossible.
Apparently, while I do fall
under the mage category,
I guess I'm not a very good one.
I do wonder, though,
if I got training somewhere,
would I be able to use elemental
or reinforcement magic?
Not a chance.
Huh?
I've never heard of anyone
who could wield magic
outside of their own
attribute before.
Plus, there aren't
many dark mages.
As far as I recall,
I've only ever seen three.
Wait, three?
There's Tomoe and myself,
but that leaves one more.
My mother, supposedly.
Good luck getting her to
tell you what kind of power
she has, though.
Oh, yeah?
Then Lady Elisha can
also use dark magic?
Kinda disappointing how I
get these brand-new powers
and still can't
even defend myself.
You have nothing to worry about!
As long as I'm by your
side, Your Majesty,
you will never be in harm's way!
Just seems like a hero should
be able to protect themself.
No offense, Aisha.
Pardon, sire, Hakuya
is looking for you.
I believe he wishes to discuss
Van's redevelopment with you.
The empire is coming, sire.
An imperial force of 50,000.
I've finished laying out
the improvements.
Please look them over.
Oh.
--Hakuya...
--Sire?
Well, you overdid it.
Apologies.
There's too much of an
emphasis on efficiency.
Look, if we're
renovating this much,
it'd be quicker to
scrap the whole city
and rebuild it from scratch.
It's ambitious, but after
seeing how disordered
the original designs were, I
simply couldn't help myself.
Still, for the sake of
firefighting logistics,
I feel some rezoning
is in order.
[SOUMA]
Regarding all other policies,
I'd like them to reflect
the will of the people.
The will of the people,
Your Majesty?
I want the residents to have
a say about what kind of city
they'd prefer to live in.
If we end up making all
those choices for them,
expect some backlash.
But, judging by the mood
of the city at the moment,
it's liable to become the
capital for avant-garde art.
A destination for art, huh?
Now that could be a bit
interesting, don't you think?
With all due respect, since Van
is the front line of Amidonia,
I would not recommend it.
We'll have to make it more
comfortable to live in
while retaining its function
as a military town.
What choice do we have?
Find us a decent compromise.
As you wish, sire.
Your Highness.
Is redevelopment even
a top priority right now?
And using the kingdom's
funding, no less.
As of this moment,
more than ever, Juna.
Thing is, Van's economy
is stagnant right now.
Their soldiers are out of work.
First, we need to secure
employment for them.
On the plus side, goods
are making their way back
on the streets.
Not fast enough.
Think of it like when
someone's emaciated
and then finally gets the
opportunity to eat again.
We need them to
get better, and fast.
You mean the public works
are kind of the feast
that will help
make the city full?
That's right.
What they're going to do
is help usher in new money,
which will further
stimulate the economy.
Till that happens,
nothing will change.
Doesn't matter how long we wait.
Majesty, you're always
thinking three steps ahead.
And the transportation network?
[LUDWIN] Sire, the military is
doing everything in its power
at the moment.
Service to the main road
is already completed,
and we're repairing the ones
around and near the villages.
Also, we have successfully
installed eight bridges
over the rivers.
I sense a "but."
I realize maintaining
supply lines is important,
but won't all of this work be
in vain once we are forced
to return their territory?
You have a point.
The thought of Julius taking
advantage of the bridges
we built grates on my nerves.
[HAKUYA]
I doubt that will happen.
Even if Prince Julius
were to return to power,
he will not allow any facilities
built by the kingdom to be used.
It's a matter of pride
for him, sire.
If I was in his shoes,
I'd use anything I could,
whether it was Amidonian or not.
[chuckles] That doesn't
sound like you at all.
Personally, I want to
rub it in his face.
I'm afraid I don't understand.
I'm talking about putting
our names on the bridges.
Here, listen to this.
We'll have the Souma Bridge,
and also one for Liscia.
As well as Albert.
There'll be Hakuya's.
The Ludwin Bridge.
The Poncho Bridge.
Then there's Aisha's and Juna's.
Let's engrave a name on each.
I get it.
Even if the territory
does get returned,
they'll inherit the bridges
that we have built there.
Soon after, the anti-kingdom
faction will come along
and destroy them.
The residents will lose the
convenience of using them
and blame the
Amidonian government.
[SOUMA] The motion passes unless
there are any objections.
[LUDWIN]
Sire.
If there's nothing else,
we will excuse ourselves.
I suppose it will be
rather difficult to refuse
the return of Van if
the empire requests it.
I am going to stand
by my policy,
but somehow I doubt I'll be
able to twist Jeanne's arm.
And if we appear hostile,
it'll be a diplomatic failure.
Then it must be true.
The hero summoning.
That was how they allowed us
to aid the cause.
Sounds like it.
Just how long have you known?
When I first heard
about Empress Maria.
Her people refer to her
as a saint for a reason.
Imagine one being cruel.
Unheard of.
You're basing all of
your trust on her title?
It wasn't bestowed on her
out of pure convenience.
Where a saint walks, others
follow in their footsteps.
The world needs a banner,
one to unite all mankind
against their common threat.
Whether she wants
to be that or not.
When I met Jeanne,
that's when it hit me.
The Gran Chaos Empire.
They are nothing more
than a mere superpower
trying to maintain control.
That's why we
have to stay alert.
There's no room for carelessness
or ego when dealing with them.
You're right.
We have to go
into this steadfast.
[knocking]
Enter!
What is it?
There's news, sire.
The empire has arrived.
Also, they are accompanied
by the Prince of Amidonia.
Here we go.
[NARRATOR]
October 21st, 1546.
It was on this day of
the Continental Calendar
that at least 50,000 of
the Gran Chaos Empire's
elite forces took up
positions a day's march
from Van.
With this sizable
force at their back,
the Gran Chaos Empire's
general, Jeanne Euphoria,
entered the castle.
Accompanying her
was Julius Amidonia,
the son of Gaius
the Eighth.
Once next in line to the throne,
the current crown
prince of Amidonia
now had to bargain
for his homeland.
How surprising.
I had imagined this meeting
would be attended by
a large number of soldiers.
Hardly the way
to treat my guests.
I doubted it would make
for productive talks.
Fully agreed.
Quite the daring
gentlemen, aren't you?
Well, nothing compared to
a certain unnamed ruler
that ended up losing a war
then ran to the empire
for their assistance.
Calm down, Julius, or did you
not notice the dark elf?
Leave it to King Souma to
have such a skilled warrior
as a retainer.
Why, thank you.
Are you not worried that
you might be killed here?
Since I have arrived here
today as an envoy of peace,
why should any harm befall me?
It's nice to finally meet you.
My name is Souma Kazuya.
Julius, Crown Prince
of Amidonia.
State what your business is.
I want Van returned
to me, at once!
So stop wasting my
time and step down!
What did I say?
The Principality of
Amidonia is a signatory
of the Mankind Declaration!
It clearly states that any
changes to the borders...
...due to military action
will not be recognized.
And you believe we've
violated that article?
Of course!
And in accordance
with the Declaration.
I demand you relinquish
control of Van
and its surrounding territories!
You've no right
to demand anything!
Or did you forget you were
the ones that invaded
the Kingdom of Elfrieden?
Only after you were defeated
did the treaty matter to you.
And now you're seeking
your lost lands using
the empire's prestige.
The invasion of your country
was an arbitrary decision
made by my late father, Gaius.
A campaign that you took part
in and share the blame for.
On that note, before we
discuss the return of land,
you should apologize for
invading our territory.
To you?
The King's correct
in this instance.
Our position is to request
that your territory be given
back to you.
The decision to go to war
was a capricious one
made by my father.
I'm to blame for being
unable to stop him,
and yes, I will
apologize for that.
However, presently, your country
is violating our borders!
I demand you give back our land!
Yes, we all know
what you think, Julius,
but what does the empire say?
We can't afford to
dismiss the requests
of our signatory nations.
So in other words, you're
demanding the following:
The Kingdom of Elfrieden
must return all occupied
territories, including Van?
That is correct.
My answer is no.
You won't?
Are you out of your mind?
You would defy the Declaration?
I don't plan on
defying anything.
Then you-- I--
As the ruler of this
country and its protector,
it is my duty to
liberate my people
from under your occupation!
To "liberate," them, huh?
By that token, surely you can
express what the residents
of Van desire.
Meaning?
On your way here.
I trust you were able to
observe how the streets of Van
have drastically altered.
I was born and
raised in this city.
I know it far better
than you ever will!
[SOUMA]
Is that so?
Then tell me what you think of
the new palette it's taken on.
[JULIUS]
Palette?
I saw a number of houses
painted in horrendous colors.
[SOUMA] You may think so,
but why would people
who are oppressed
under our occupation,
according to you, feel free
to make their roofs
and walls more colorful,
do you think?
Huh? Well, I...
When I first arrived in Van,
all I could see was gray.
Not a single shred
of individuality.
Now, there's freedom
of expression.
People can paint their homes,
choosing whatever color
they might prefer.
Comparing how it looked
before with the Van
that's now under my control,
which do you think
is the more liberated city?
How dare you!
Stand down, Julius!
Remove your hand from
your sword, too, Aisha.
Right.
King Souma.
I would ask that you refrain
from trying to rile Julius.
[SOUMA]
I was only stating the facts.
If one wishes to lead,
they must govern the realm
effectively while also
saving its people.
You taxed Van's
residents to death.
Oppressing them while
bolstering your military might.
And whose fault is that?
If the Elfrieden royal
family hadn't stolen
my grandfather's land from him--
That's you and your family's
favorite excuse, isn't it?
But the fact of the matter
is your country is the one
that's been continuously
doing harm to ours.
Hakuya.
Yes, Sire.
This is...?
A list of all the noblemen
from Elfrieden
who were incited to insurrection
by the Principality of Amidonia.
They were the ones
who instigated a revolt,
encouraged fraud, and then
motivated these nobles
to be uncooperative
toward the royal family.
Incredible.
[HAKUYA]
It's shocking.
But the fact is, they're
only pretending to abide
by the Declaration, while
secretly their country
interferes in foreign affairs.
And yet even after all this,
they stand before us now,
speaking about vengeance.
It's the Kingdom of
Elfrieden's fault your country
is so poor, our fault your
people are starving
and whatever direction you look,
there's endless suffering.
Meanwhile you spend your
hard-earned tax money
on the military instead
of people and blame us.
What're you saying?
It's awfully convenient.
As long as you beat
the drum of revenge,
you can conceal your own
mismanagement of the city,
and direct the anger
of the people unfairly
towards our country.
Damn you!
What did I just say?
And I asked you to
stop aggravating him.
I'm sorry, but my intention
was to make it clear
Elfrieden is also fed up with
the Principality of Amidonia's
poor conduct.
I would like to make
you a proposal.
Could I ask you to kindly
leave us the room,
please, Julius?
You have some nerve!
You want me to sit out of
discussions about the return
of my own homeland?
You still don't understand?
There wasn't any point
for you to even show up
to these negotiations.
You arrogant--
It's the empire that's
seeking the return of land
against the backdrop
of military force.
You're powerless.
Since that's the case,
discussion will take place
between Jeanne and myself.
The gall!
It's my territory and
you will deal with me!
Stand down, Julius, and allow
me to handle the negotiations.
The empire does
have other business.
With you here, this discussion
has reached total standstill.
From here on out,
I will do the talking.
All due respect, isn't that a
bit of a one-sided argument?
Then the empire will withdraw.
Feel free to bargain
as you like afterward.
I trust that you'll
do your best.
Please forgive him.
He's difficult today.
Only today, or all of the time?
[LISCIA] The two of them are
joking, but the mood's grown
more tense.
Let us start over, King Souma.
As you know, I am
General Jeanne Euphoria
of the Gran Chaos Empire.
In my sister's stead,
I am here representing
Maria Euphoria.
I welcome you to Van, Jeanne.
I am Acting King of Elfrieden,
Souma Kazuya.
[JEANNE]
Princess Liscia.
I am relieved to
find you are well.
I am equally pleased to see that
you're in good health, Jeanne.
Hold on. You two
know each other?
That's right.
We met once when
we were children.
That was long before the Demon
Lord's Domain appeared.
Yes, it was.
During a conference
with the former King Albert,
if I remember right.
At an age where games
were more interesting
than politics.
I would like us to have
a candid discussion.
[SOUMA] As would I.
But before we begin,
Liscia, would you go
and fetch Serina for me?
Right away.
So, a minute ago, you
mentioned you and Liscia
used to play games together
back when you were children.
I guess royal families would
interact with each other often.
It depends on the nation.
When the foreign minister
visited Elfrieden,
I forced him to take me
along to meet the princess.
Insistent of you.
It seems Liscia has grown into
an even stronger Princess
than before.
If you say so.
Fair warning, even back then,
I couldn't land a
single hit on her.
So when you said how you
used to play games together,
it was more like you two
were practicing combat.
A couple of tomboys, huh?
Or are you only bringing it up
to try and keep me in check?
Maybe.
Sire, I have come here
as you have requested.
Your wish?
Here's the deal.
The Amidonian Prince
Julius is in the VIP suite.
Please prepare a banquet
and see that he's entertained.
I'd be more than happy to.
But to be clear, when you
say keep him entertained,
you want me to take
charge of him, correct?
A little formal, but yeah.
That is exactly what I mean.
In that case, I would like
permission to open
the bottle of vintage tequeur
in the castle's wine cellar,
Your Majesty.
As long as we provide our
guests with the best level
of hospitality.
Highness.
I will personally make
sure Julius's chalice
never runs empty.
I guarantee he will be
more than pleased
with my hospitality, however
much he can remember.
What's wrong? Am I
missing something?
Tell me.
Souma.
Tequeur is a hard liquor
renowned for its strength.
It has such a pleasant flavor,
people end up drinking
too much of it and for someone
not accustomed to the effects,
they will be indisposed
for some time.
So basically you're saying,
if she serves him a drink...
I guarantee you that
the banquet will be over
in less than ten minutes.
That's not very hospitable!
Just this once, I actually
feel a bit sorry for Julius.
This really is quite
the amusing country.
I suggest we relocate
and start negotiating.
Does that sound agreeable,
Jeanne Euphoria,
general of the Gran
Chaos Empire's forces?
Very much so.
Provisional King Souma
Kazuya of Elfrieden.
I'll let you lead the way.